WHAT DID YOU DO
TO CHARLIE POTATOES?
OH, RIGHT.
THAT IS ACTUALLY
A REALLY FUNNY STORY,
IF YOU'RE NOT
CHARLIE POTATOES.
LAST NIGHT,
YOU HAD PIZZA,
SO CHARLIE SMELLED LIKE
CHEESE AND PEPPERONI.
ONE THING LED TO ANOTHER,
I CHEWED ON HIM,
FELL ASLEEP, HAD THAT DREAM
ABOUT A CAR CHASING ME...
( laughs )
...WHICH IS ALL SORTS
OF IRONIC
WHEN YOU THINK ABOUT IT...
AND AREN'T MAD.
CUDDLING CHARLIE POTATOES
IS HOW I GET TO SLEEP,
AND I NEED TO SLEEP
SO I CAN DREAM ABOUT
FAIRIES AND UNICORNS.
I DON'T GET TO SEE THOSE
IN THE DAYTIME.
WOW, I REALLY FEEL
TERRIBLE, CHLOE.
WHAT CAN I DO
TO MAKE IT UP TO YOU?
I'LL TAKE YOUR FAVORITE
TOY... ROBERT.
( laughs )
THAT'S FUNNY BECAUSE...
ROBERT, HIDE!
I FELT REALLY BAD
ABOUT CHARLIE POTATOES.
I'M SURE CHLOE WAS JUST JOKING
ABOUT ROBERT, THOUGH.
BUT JUST TO BE SAFE, HE'S GONNA
LAY LOW WITH SOME FRIENDS
TILL THE HEAT'S OFF.
DID YOU GUYS HEAR
WHAT THE THEME IS FOR
THE EIGHTH GRADE DANCE?
IT'S "AVERY HASN'T BEEN
ASKED YET," THAT'S WHAT IT IS.
NO, I THINK IT'S
"UNDER THE SEA."
I KNOW IT'S
THE POINT IS,
I HAVE NO ONE TO GO WITH.
I'M GONNA LOOK RIDICULOUS
IN MY MERMAID COSTUME
WITHOUT A SAILOR
ON MY ARM.
YOU KNOW IT'S NOT
A COSTUME DANCE.
I AM REALLY GLAD
WE HAD THIS CONVERSATION.
I HATE DANCES.
I'M WAITING FOR A GUY
WHO HATES DANCES, TOO,
TO ASK ME SO WE CAN
SPEND THE NIGHT GOING,
"UGH, I HATE DANCES...
"AND ORGANIZED SPORTS,
AND MUSICAL THEATER.
WE HAVE SO MUCH
IN COMMON."
WHAT WAS I THINKING,
BREAKING UP WITH TONY
RIGHT BEFORE THE DANCE?
I WAS THINKING, I CANNOT
SPEND ANOTHER MINUTE
WITH SOMEONE WHO CALLS
HOT CHOCOLATE "HOT CHOCKY."
PARDON ME. I COULDN'T
HELP OVERHEARING,
BECAUSE I WAS EAVESDROPPING;
THAT'S THE WHOLE POINT.
I AM PREPARED TO ESCORT
ANY ONE OF YOU TO THE DANCE.
IT MATTERS NOT WHICH.
I UNDERSTAND YOU'VE
NEVER ASKED ANYONE OUT BEFORE,
BUT HAVE YOU AT LEAST
SEEN IT IN A MOVIE?
I REALIZE I CAN BE
STRONG COFFEE,
BUT IN AN EFFORT
TO MAKE FRIENDS,
I WILL ENDEAVOR
TO AMELIORATE THAT.
WHY DO YOU SUDDENLY
WANNA MAKE FRIENDS?
FOR THE SAME REASON
EVERYONE DOES.
TO HAVE SOMEONE SAY
"HOW TERRIBLY DROLL"
WHEN I TOSS OF
A WITTY BON MOT.
THAT'S NOT WHY
MOST KIDS
WANT FRIENDS.
WELL, THE MASSES
ARE WRONG AGAIN.
QUELLE SURPRISE!
OH, MY GOSH.
WHAT IF KARL IS
THE BEST WE CAN DO?
THEN WE'D HAVE TO CUE
SOME TEEN MOVIE
MAKEOVER MUSIC,
AND TURN THAT ZERO TO HERO.
GIRLS, ARE YOU WITH ME?
ON THREE.
I'M TOTALLY KIDDING.
LINDSAY, PULL
YOUR HAIR BACK.
ALL RIGHT, BENNETT,
UPTON CARRIAGE HOUSE IS ON.
YOU READY TO WATCH
OUR SHOW?
YOU ALWAYS SAY
WE HAVE TO WATCH IT TOGETHER,
AND THEN YOU FALL ASLEEP
WITHIN THE FIRST FIVE MINUTES.
I REALLY WANNA FIND OUT
WHY LADY KENSINGTON
WASN'T WEARING
HER WHITE GLOVES
AT HIGH TEA.
IT SENT SHOCK WAVES
THROUGH THE CARRIAGE HOUSE.
WELL, EXCUSE ME
IF I'M TIRED
AFTER TAKING CARE OF
THE HOUSE AND KIDS ALL DAY.
I SHOULD HAVE A STAFF
OF MAIDS AND BUTLERS
CATERING TO
MY EVERY WHIM.
I KNOW IF I TRACE
MY ANCESTRY BACK FAR ENOUGH,
I'D FIND ROYALTY.
WHY ELSE DO I HAVE
THIS INSTINCT
TO LOOK DOWN MY NOSE
AT COMMONERS?
LOOK, I JUST WANNA WATCH
OUR SHOW TOGETHER.
OTHERWISE,
IT'S JUST MY SHOW.
AND IF IT WERE
MY SHOW, IT'D BE SPORTS.
MOMMY, DADDY.
I CAN'T SLEEP
WITHOUT CHARLIE POTATOES.
CAN ONE OF YOU
COME LAY DOWN WITH ME?
I'LL LAY DOWN
WITH YOU, SWEETIE,
EVEN THOUGH IT'S
PROBABLY BENEATH MY STATION.
IT'S FINE, IT'S FINE.
BENNETT, DON'T WATCH
WITHOUT ME,
OR WE'RE GETTING SEPARATE DVR's.
YOU KNOW WHAT THAT LEADS TO.
OH, YEAH, BEING ABLE
TO RECORD WHAT I WANT
AND WATCH WHEN I WANT.
OOH, WHAT A NIGHTMARE.
HEY, GREAT NEWS, DAD.
I'M GONNA BE DEEJAYING
THE EIGHTH GRADE DANCE
ON FRIDAY.
IT'S GONNA BE MY FIRST
PAYING DEEJAY GIG.
I HOPE IT GOES WELL.
GOES WELL? AREN'T YOU JUST
PLUGGING INTO YOUR EQUIPMENT
AND PRESSING PLAY?
YOU'RE MAKING DEEJAYING
SOUND WAY EASIER
THAN IT ACTUALLY IS.
THERE'S A WHOLE ART
TO BENDING PITCH,
MATCHING BEATS, AND CREATING
A SONIC LANDSCAPE.
PLUS, I PUT MY HANDS
IN THE AIR,
AND WAVE 'EM
LIKE I JUST DON'T CARE.
THE TRUTH IS,
I DO CARE A LITTLE,
AND THAT'S
THE HARD PART.
( snoring )
OH, I GUESS YOUR MOM'S
DOWN FOR THE NIGHT.
AND I CAN'T WATCH
UPTON CARRIAGE HOUSE.
I GUESS YOU AND I
COULD SIT AND TALK
FOR A WHILE, HUH?
OKAY.
- GOOD NIGHT, SON.
- GOOD NIGHT, DAD.
HEY, I OVERHEARD ABOUT
THE DEEJAY GIG, TY.
VERY COOL.
SO WHO REPPED YOU
IN THE NEGOSH?
THAT'S MUSIC BIZ LINGO
FOR NEGOTIATION.
BIZ IS SHORT FOR
BYZANTIUM... I THINK.
PRETTY SURE.
MIGHT HAVE TO
LOOK THAT UP.
WHAT NEGOTIATION?
THEY OFFERED ME $20
TO PLAY THE DANCE.
I SAID, ARE YOU KIDDING?
I'D DO IT FOR FREE.
SO YOU'RE DOIN' IT
FOR FREE.
I'M ALSO PAYING FOR
MY OWN TICKET.
YOU SEE, THIS IS WHY
YOU NEED ME
TO STEP IN
AS YOUR MANAGER.
I'LL GET YOU
A BETTER "D,"
WHICH IS SHORT FOR
"DEALIE-O,"
WHICH IS LONG FOR
"DEAL."
SO I JUST GOT OFF THE PHONE
WITH THE ASSISTANT PRINCIPAL,
AND THE GOOD NEWS IS,
YOU'RE NOT WORKING FOR
LOW MONEY, AND YOU
DON'T HAVE TO BUY
- YOUR OWN TICKET
TO THE DANCE.
- YES!
THE BAD NEWS IS,
YOU'RE FIRED,
AND I LIED TO YOU ABOUT
NOT HAVING TO BUY YOUR
OWN TICKET TO THE DANCE.
WHAT?
DON'T BLAME YOURSELF.
COULD'VE HAPPENED TO ANYONE.
BUT I MIGHT HAVE TO
DROP YOU AS A CLIENT. TOOTS.
IS THAT SHORT FOR
"TOODLE-OO"?
NO, I FARTED.
LINDSAY, CONGRATULATIONS.
I HEARD THAT
PETER MURPHY
ASKED YOU TO THE DANCE.
OH, YEAH, BUT THEN
I BROKE UP WITH HIM.
HE'S REALLY CUTE,
BUT HE'S ALWAYS
DOING CARTWHEELS,
AND HE'S NOT EVEN
ON THE GYMNASTICS TEAM.
- YES, HE IS.
- OH. WELL, EVEN SO.
SO WORD ON THE RUMOR MILL
IS WES IS GOING TO ASK
YOU TO THE DANCE.
I'VE BEEN WANTING HIM
TO ASK ME OUT FOR MONTHS.
WHAT IF HE DOES?
WHAT WOULD I SAY?
I'D SAY YES,
BUT HOW WOULD I SAY IT?
"WES, WOULD I?
YES. OH, MY GOSH, YES!
YES, YES, YES!"
TOO BIG?
YOU MAY WANNA LEAVE
YOURSELF SOME HEAD ROOM
IN CASE YOU WIN
THE LOTTERY.
HEY, AVERY.
- SUPER CASUAL.
- WHAT?
THAT WAS MORE FOR ME.
I MEANT, HEY, WES.
WOULD YOU GUYS
LIKE TO GET GOING?
WOULD I? YES.
OH, MY GOSH,
YES, YES, YES, YES.
AVERY, WOULD YOU LIKE
TO GO TO THE DANCE WITH ME?
YES! SUPER CASUAL.
- SURE.
- GREAT. I'M LOOKING
FORWARD TO IT.
ME, TOO. EVERYONE'S
MEETING AT MY HOUSE
BEFOREHAND.
I'LL SEE YOU THERE.
I HOPE YOU LIKE DANCING
AS MUCH AS I DO.
IT'S A LITTLE BETTER
TO MUSIC.
YEAH, IT WAS STILL
PRETTY GOOD.
I'D SHOW YOU MY MOVES,
BUT I'M A LITTLE EXHAUSTED.
LAST NIGHT,
MY CREW AND I
WERE DANCE BATTLING
TO SAVE A LOCAL REC CENTER.
THIS IS GONNA BE FUN.
I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
DID YOU GUYS SEE THAT?
HE LOVES TO DANCE.
YOU KNOW I CAN'T DANCE.
SORRY, MISTER...
- Both: HAYDEN.
- HAYDEN.
THAT WAS THE BEST
I'VE EVER DANCED.
I FINALLY HAVE
MY FIRST DATE WITH WES,
AND I'M GONNA MAKE
A TOTAL FOOL OUT OF MYSELF.
I THOUGHT WE WERE JUST
GONNA HANG OUT BY
THE SNACKS AND TALK.
WHAT AM I GONNA DO?
YOU HAVE TIME TO PRACTICE.
AND A PLACE TO PRACTICE
NOW THAT YOU AND YOUR CREW
SAVED THE REC CENTER.
WELL, I GOT MY GIG BACK.
YES! AS YOUR NEW
CO-DEEJAY,
I COULD NOT BE
MORE THRILLED.
YOU'RE NOT MY CO-DEEJAY.
I GUESS YOU DIDN'T
READ THE FINE PRINT
WHEN YOU SIGNED
THOSE MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS.
I DIDN'T SIGN ANYTHING.
ARE YOU SAYING
THIS ISN'T YOUR SIGNATURE?
THAT'S YOUR PAW PRINT.
OF COURSE IT IS.
YOU GAVE ME POWER OF ATTORNEY
WHEN YOU SIGNED THIS.
SO... FOR COSTUMES,
WHAT DO YOU THINK,
SEQUINS OR LIGHTNING BOLTS?
- WHAT?
- I'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
I'LL FIGURE IT OUT.
( dance music playing )
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M JUST TRYING
TO DANCE LIKE YOU.
YOU'RE DANCING LIKE WHEN
I WAS TWO,
AND I HAD TO GO
TO THE BATHROOM.
AND EVEN WITH A FULL DIAPER,
I WAS BETTER THAN THAT.
TYLER, THIS DANCE IS GONNA BE
MY FIRST DATE WITH WES.
I CAN'T EMBARRASS MYSELF.
YOU HAVE TO TEACH ME
TO DANCE.
I DON'T DANCE.
I ROCK OUT.
YOU DON'T TEACH THAT,
IT JUST HAPPENS.
TEACH ME HOW TO MAKE IT
JUST HAPPEN.
I'M PRETTY SURE
THAT WOULD INVOLVE YOU
LIVING YOUR ENTIRE
LIFE UP TO NOW
COMPLETELY DIFFERENTLY.
EXCUSE ME.
I WAS LYING IN WAIT,
SO I COULDN'T
HELP OVERHEARING.
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE, KARL?
I HEARD MUSIC, AND I ASSUMED
YOU WERE HAVING A PARTY
AND DIDN'T INVITE ME,
SO I CAME.
LOOKING FOR SOMEONE
TO TEACH YOU TO DANCE?
CHECK THIS.
KARL FINALLY DID IT.
HE BUILT A ROBOT THAT
LOOKS EXACTLY LIKE HIM,
AND PROGRAMMED
HIM TO DANCE.
NOW YOU'VE HURT MY FEELINGS.
OH, MY GOSH.
IT'S SELF-AWARE.
I CANNOT BELIEVE THAT
I'M ABOUT TO SAY THESE WORDS,
BUT, KARL, CAN YOU
TEACH ME TO DANCE LIKE YOU DO?
FOR A PRICE.
I UNDERSTAND
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS
ARE GOING TO THE DANCE
AS A GROUP.
AS I TOLD YOU,
I AM SEEKING FRIENDSHIP
SO I WISH TO BE INCLUDED.
- YOU WANNA BE OUR FRIEND?
- OH, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
I WANNA BE SEEN AS
GOOD FRIEND MATERIAL
TO ATTRACT OTHERS
BETTER THAN YOU.
I REQUIRE NOTHING MORE
THAN FOR YOU TO
CIRCLE AROUND ME
AS THOUGH I'M
THE CENTER OF YOUR UNIVERSE
- AND FOR YOU TO HANG ON
TO MY EVERY WORD.
- THAT'S NOT GONNA HAPPEN.
CAN I STILL PLEASE
GO WITH YOU GUYS?
FINE.
YOU KNOW, KARL,
INSTEAD OF HAVING TO
MAKE DEALS LIKE THIS,
YOU CAN JUST BE NICE
AND CHILL,
AND PEOPLE WOULD
LIKE YOU.
I ENVY HOW EASILY
THE BASER SKILLS
COME TO SIMPLE MINDS.
IT IS PRETTY GREAT.
THIS COFFEE
IS NOT ENOUGH.
I BARELY SLEPT LAST NIGHT
IN CHLOE'S ROOM.
HER BED WAS SO SMALL,
I SLEPT ON THE FLOOR.
I WOKE UP WITH
CARPET FACE.
WHEN WILL IT GO AWAY?
SO WE'RE NOT WATCHING
UPTON CARRIAGE HOUSE?
NO, WE'RE GOING
TO WATCH IT.
I'M STAYING UP;
I AM DETERMINED.
( snoring )
HONEY.
HONEY!
( snorts )
- MOMMY.
- YES, SWEETIE,
WHAT IS IT?
I CAN'T SLEEP
WITHOUT YOU.
YOU'RE MY NEW
CHARLIE POTATOES.
COME SLEEP WITH ME,
MOMMY POTATOES.
OKAY, SWEETIE,
DADDY'S GONNA WATCH
UPTON CARRIAGE HOUSE
WHILE YOU CURL UP
NEXT TO MOMMY
AND GET SOME
SLEEP, OKAY?
YAY!
OH, I AM GONNA PAY
FOR WATCHING THIS
WITHOUT HER.
BUT, LIKE DEREK,
THE BOLD UPTON STABLE BOY,
I'M GONNA LIVE
FOR TODAY.
( horse neighing )
( thud )
OH, DEREK!
THIS DOES NOT
BODE WELL FOR ME.
HELLO, FRIEND.
CAN I CALL YOU THAT?
I'M TRYING TO MAKE
NEW FRIENDS,
AND HOPING TO TRADE
ON YOUR POPULARITY.
PERHAPS I CAN BE
THE FRIEND WHO
TELLS IT LIKE IT IS.
THAT BAND ON YOUR SHIRT
IS PASSE.
AREN'T I JUST
A BREATH OF FRESH AIR?
YOU'RE AVERY'S
NEIGHBOR, RIGHT?
OH, AVERY AND I ARE
MORE THAN NEIGHBORS,
ESPECIALLY LATELY,
SINCE I'VE BEEN GOING
TO HER HOUSE EVERY EVENING
AND... I'M NOT SURE
IF SHE WANTS ME TO SAY.
ARE YOU GUYS
STUDYING TOGETHER?
STUDYING? NO.
LET'S JUST SAY YOU MAY
HAVE A SURPRISE IN STORE
COME DANCE NIGHT.
I'VE SAID TOO MUCH.
I WAS JUST THINKING THAT
ABOUT TWO SECONDS AFTER
YOU SAT DOWN.
NOW THAT WE'RE FRIENDS,
MAYBE YOU CAN TELL SOME PEOPLE
HOW NICE AND CHILL I AM.
OH, AND TELL PEOPLE I'M
GOING TO THE DANCE WITH AVERY.
THAT'LL HELP
MY POPULARITY, TOO.
POUND IT OUT...
AMONGST YOURSELVES.
I DON'T TOUCH.
Stan:
OKAY, YOU READY?
I'M READY. WHAT DO
YOU GUYS WANNA SHOW ME?
SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF OUR DEEJAY COSTUMES?
YOU LOOK LIKE
YOU'RE FIGHTING CRIME
IN A 1970's
ROLLER RINK.
NAILED IT!
TOUGH AND GROOVY.
THAT'S WHAT I WAS GOING FOR.
WHY DO YOU THINK I HAD IT
SEWN ON TO OUR BUTTS?
WHY DOES MY BUTT
HAVE TO BE GROOVY?
BECAUSE MY BUTT IS TOUGH.
STAN, COME UP WITH
SOMETHING ELSE.
ALL RIGHT,
WE CAN SWITCH,
BUT I DON'T THINK
YOU'LL FIT IN MY PANTS.
MY BUTT IS
ALSO TINY!
WHY DID I SIGN
THOSE PAPERS?
STAN, I'M SO NERVOUS.
IF TOMORROW'S DANCE
DOESN'T GO WELL,
WES AND I WILL NEVER
END UP TOGETHER.
I'LL GROW OLD AND LONELY.
A DESPERATE LIBRARIAN WITH
ONE OF THOSE PIXIE HAIRCUTS
THAT JUST PUSHES
MEN AWAY.
AS ONE HALF OF
A VERY POPULAR DEEJAY DUO,
I HAVE TO SAY,
DANCE LIKE
NO ONE'S WATCHING,
SING LIKE
NO ONE'S LISTENING,
AND REPEAT CLICHES
LIKE NO ONE'S ORIGINAL.
KNOCKETY-KNOCKETY.
OH, LOOK, YOUR DOG
IS WEARING AN EXACT REPLICA
OF MOTHER'S OLD
ROLLER DERBY COSTUME.
SHE WAS KNOWN AS
QUEEN KONG,
DUE BOTH TO HER
MUSCULAR BULK,
AND THE FACT THAT
SHE ONCE SCALED
A SKYSCRAPER.
IT'S NOT WEIRD.
I'M PRETTY SURE IF YOU
IMAGE-SEARCHED "WEIRD,"
A PICTURE OF THAT
WOULD COME UP.
TOOTS.
NOW CAN WE PLEASE
GET STARTED ON MY LESSON?
THE DANCE IS
TOMORROW NIGHT,
AND I'M SO NERVOUS.
OH, AVERY, YOU HAVE
EVERY REASON TO BE.
LET'S SEE YOUR PROGRESS.
( dance music plays )
WELL, I DIDN'T
AVERT MY EYES
AND EXPERIENCE
A SENSATION OF NAUSEA.
THERE'S A THRESHOLD
I DIDN'T THINK WE'D CROSS.
NOW THE ONE SUBJECT
WE HAVEN'T COVERED YET
IS SLOW DANCING.
( both shudder )
( slow music plays )
THAT KARL GUY SAID HE'S
GOING TO THE DANCE WITH AVERY,
AND APPARENTLY,
HE TELLS IT LIKE IT IS.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT'S GOING ON.
I'M JUST GONNA TALK TO HER
AND CLEAR THE AIR.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T THINK I NEED TO.
BENNETT, THANK YOU
FOR BEING SO PATIENT
WAITING FOR ME TO WATCH
UPTON CARRIAGE HOUSE.
I PROMISE TONIGHT,
I WILL STAY AWAKE.
PREDICTION: DEREK
THE STABLE BOY
IS GONNA MARRY
LADY ELIZABETH.
COULD HAPPEN.
YOU WATCHED WITHOUT ME?!
WHAT GAVE ME AWAY?
"COULD HAPPEN."
HOW COULD YOU WATCH AHEAD?
I CAN CATCH YOU UP
ON EVERYTHING YOU MISSED
IN THE FIRST FOUR EPISODES.
EVERYONE DIES.
EVERYONE DIES?
OF WHAT?
CONSUMPTION, DROPSY,
SHIPWRECKS, BAD GOOSE,
DIRIGIBLE MISHAPS,
SCURVY, STAIRS, WAR.
OH, AND THE SWITCHOVER
FROM HORSES TO CARS
IS JUST A BLOODBATH.
SPEAKING OF BLOODBATHS,
BENNETT,
HOW ARE YOU GONNA
MAKE THIS UP TO ME?
TELL YOU WHAT.
WHY DON'T YOU WATCH THE FIRST
FOUR EPISODES TOMORROW,
AND I WILL DO
ALL OF YOUR HOUSEWORK.
HUH? THAT WAY, YOU CAN
BE ALL CAUGHT UP,
AND YOU WON'T BE TIRED.
AND THEN, WE CAN WATCH
EPISODE FIVE TOGETHER.
REALLY? YOU WOULD
DO THAT FOR ME?
THAT DOES MAKE UP FOR A LOT.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, HONEY.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
SO EXACTLY WHAT DO YOU
DO AROUND HERE?
I'M READY TO GO
TO SLEEP WITH YOU.
SWEETIE, WE HAVE TO TALK.
YOU'RE GETTING TO BE
A BIG GIRL.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT
GETTING A BRA, IS IT?
NO, WE'RE A FEW YEARS
AWAY ON THAT ONE.
WHAT MOMMY IS SAYING
IS THAT IT'S TIME FOR YOU
TO GO TO SLEEP
LIKE A BIG GIRL--
WITHOUT MOMMY OR DADDY
AND WITHOUT CHARLIE POTATOES.
BUT LAST NIGHT WAS
FUN ON THE COUCH,
EXCEPT FOR WHEN
DADDY STARTED CRYING.
WHO'S DEREK, AND WHY DID HE
HAVE SO MUCH TO LIVE FOR?
YOU'LL GET
THROUGH THIS, CHLOE.
WHEN YOU FACE
NEW CHALLENGES,
THAT'S HOW YOU GROW
AND GET STRONGER.
NOW IT'S NEW CHALLENGES
THAT MAKE ME GROW
AND GET STRONGER?
YESTERDAY,
IT WAS VEGETABLES.
YOU CAN'T SAY THAT
FOR EVERYTHING.
HEY, IS WES HERE?
NO, BUT KARL FINK IS.
HE WANTS US TO ENTER THE DANCE
ENCIRCLING HIM
AND GIGGLING GIRLISHLY.
I DON'T GIGGLE.
I HAVE A HEARTY DEEP LAUGH.
I DON'T USE IT,
BUT I HAVE IT.
BE NICE TO KARL.
HE'S THE REASON THAT,
TONIGHT,
I'M GONNA BE DANCING
WITH THE BOY OF MY DREAMS.
IT HAPPENED, MOTHER.
AVERY CALLED ME
THE BOY OF HER DREAMS.
THE CONVIVIALITY OF
OUR DANCE LESSONS
HAS CAUSED HER TO FALL
HOPELESSLY IN LOVE WITH ME,
JUST AS YOU PREDICTED.
WELL, WE GOTTA GET
DOWN TO THE DANCE.
WE'RE MISSING STUFF.
LOOK AT THIS PICTURE
ON BUDDY BOP.
PETER MURPHY
AND HIS CARTWHEELS.
I DID NOT MAKE A MISTAKE.
WAIT A MINUTE, IS THAT WES?
WHY IS HE ALREADY THERE?
HE PROBABLY JUST THOUGHT
WE'RE SUPPOSED TO MEET THERE.
YEAH. COME ON,
LET'S GO.
ALL RIGHT, MOTHER,
WE'RE LEAVING NOW.
DON'T WORRY,
I'LL LET HER DOWN EASY,
MUCH AS YOU DID
THAT FERRIS WHEEL YOU CAUGHT
WHEN IT BROKE FREE
FROM ITS BASE.
WE ARE KILLIN' IT.
YEAH, WE'RE AWESOME.
ACTUALLY, YOU'RE AWESOME.
I'M COOL.
COULDN'T FIT "AWESOME"
ON MY BUTT. TINY!
THERE HE IS.
WHY DIDN'T HE WAVE BACK?
DIDN'T HE SEE ME?
AVERY!
YOU MUSTN'T FALL FOR ME.
OKAY.
THAT'S RIGHT, GIRL.
WALK AWAY BRAVELY.
- HEY, WES.
- AVERY.
UM, I GUESS MAYBE
YOU THOUGHT WE WERE
SUPPOSED TO MEET HERE,
AND NOT AT MY HOUSE.
OR MAYBE I DECIDED
TO GO WITH SOMEONE ELSE
AND DIDN'T EVEN TELL YOU,
SO WHEN YOU FINALLY
FOUND OUT, IT WOULD
HURT MORE.
WES...
HOW WOULD THAT FEEL, AVERY?
BAD, WOULDN'T IT?
HARD, MOTHER.
SHE'S TAKING IT HARD.
WHAT DID YOU
DO TO AVERY?
I'VE BEEN TO DETENTION.
I'M NOT AFRAID TO GO BACK.
THIS IS THE WORST
NIGHT OF MY LIFE.
BRA STUFF, HUH?
LIFE WAS SO MUCH EASIER
BEFORE I LIKED BOYS.
IT WAS SO MUCH EASIER
BEFORE I LOST CHARLIE POTATOES.
I FEEL LIKE I JUST
GOT MY HEART RIPPED OUT.
CHARLIE POTATOES DID GET
HIS HEART RIPPED OUT.
I JUST THOUGHT WES
WAS SO PERFECT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
HE'S SUCH A JERK.
I NEVER WANNA
SEE HIM AGAIN.
- ( doorbell rings )
- IS THAT WES?
IT'S PROBABLY
NOT EVEN WES.
I'M CRAZY.
( gasps )
IT'S WES.
WAIT, HE'S SUCH A JERK.
WHAT AM I DOING?
I'M SUCH A JERK.
HEY, AVERY, THAT'S WHAT
YOU JUST CALLED HIM.
CHLOE, WHY DON'T YOU
GO UPSTAIRS AND PLAY
IN YOUR ROOM?
UPSET MY SISTER AGAIN,
AND YOU'LL BE SLEEPING
WITH CHARLIE POTATOES.
I'M SO SORRY.
I THOUGHT YOU BLEW ME OFF
AND WENT TO THE DANCE
WITH KARL.
IS THAT WHY YOU BLEW ME OFF
AND WENT WITH ANOTHER GIRL?
I DIDN'T GO WITH
ANOTHER GIRL.
I DIDN'T GO WITH KARL.
I KNOW THAT NOW.
YOUR FRIENDS TOLD ME.
WELL, LINDSAY TOLD ME.
MAX JUST STOOD THERE GROWLING.
WHY DIDN'T WE JUST
TALK TO EACH OTHER?
I HAVE ABSOLUTELY
NO IDEA.
I REALLY LIKE YOU, AVERY.
I REALLY LIKE YOU, TOO.
SO WHY DOES THIS ALL
HAVE TO BE SO CONFUSING?
- I HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA.
- CAN WE JUST START OVER?
AVERY, WOULD YOU LIKE
TO GO TO THE DANCE WITH ME?
MAX?
IT'S NOT WEIRD.
SEEING AVERY SO HAPPY
JUST MAKES ME WANNA CRY.
( sobbing )
UM, 'CAUSE THAT'S HOW
A BROTHER FEELS.
UH, FAST SONG.
I AM EXHAUSTED.
AFTER DOING YOUR
HOUSEWORK ALL DAY,
I FINALLY UNDERSTAND
WHY YOU'RE ALWAYS SO TIRED,
AND WHY YOUR HANDS
ARE SO DRY.
I DID EVERYTHING TODAY.
WHY ARE YOU TIRED?
BECAUSE AFTER YOU
DID EVERYTHING,
I HAD TO GO BACK
AND DO IT THE RIGHT WAY.
BUT WE ARE GONNA GET THROUGH
THIS EPISODE TONIGHT.
YES, WE ARE.
FINALLY, I CAN BLOG.
I WAS REALLY PROUD OF AVERY
FOR GROWING UP A LITTLE BIT
THIS WEEK.
AND CHLOE, TOO.
SHE EVEN FOUND SOMETHING ELSE
TO HELP HER FALL ASLEEP.
AND THE BEST PART IS,
SHE'S LETTING ME
BORROW HER PAJAMAS.
OH, ROBERT,
YOU'RE BACK EARLY.
OKAY, A WEEK IN TEXAS
DOES NOT MAKE YOU A COWBOY.